JD.md, before:

# [SDF01] Jay-Dee's First Repo 🚀

# 👋 Hi, I'm Jay-Dee Daniels

🌱 Beginner Software Developer | 🚀 Excited And Nervous To Start My Coding Journey!

---

## 🎯 About Me

- 💡 I'm currently learning **GitHub and version control** before diving into coding.
- 🎓 Soon, I'll be exploring **HTML, CSS, and JavaScript**!
- 🤖 I've always been intrigued by Software Development and know it's the future!
- 🔥 Looking forward to becoming one of the worlds best programmers!

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

**Currently learning:**

- ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)

- ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-circle&logo=github)

**Future Technologies:**

- ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-black?style=flat-circle&logo=html5&logoColor=white), ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-black?style=flat-circle&logo=css3), ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-black?style=flat-circle&logo=javascript)
- ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-black?style=flat-circle&logo=react)

---

## 🏆 Soft Skills

- 🤝 Teamwork & Collaboration with tasks and problems
- 📢 Communication Skills with peers and coaches
- 🎯 Solving coding and life challenges
- 🚀 Ability to overcome challenges

---

## 📌 Projects

Here are some of my milestone projects (to be updated as I progress!):

### **1️⃣ First GitHub Project**

🔹 **Description:** My first project using GitHub to manage files.  
🔹 **Status:** ✅ Completed

### **2️⃣ Personal Portfolio** _(Coming Soon!)_

🔹 **Description:** A simple portfolio to showcase my projects.  
🔹 **Technologies:** HTML, CSS
🔹 **Status:** ⏳ In Progress

---

## 📚 Learning Goals

- 🚀 Get comfortable using Git and GitHub
- 🎨 Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript
- 💡 Build real-world projects and get employed by a Tech company

---

## 📫 Connect with Me

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Jay-DeeDaniels)  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/jay-dee-daniels17)  
📧 Email: jydiecpt@gmail.com

---

## 🚀 Fun Fact

💡 I love learning new things and can't wait to build my first website!

---

## 🏆 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jay-deedaniels&show_icons=true&theme=radical)

Commit message:

Updated JD.md some more
Added some more changes, because my coach Sasha said I can never have too many "commits". 😁😁

JD.md, after:

# [SDF01] Jay-Dee's First Repo 🚀

# 👋 Hallo World, I'm Jay-Dee Daniels

🌱 Beginner Software Developer | 🚀 Excited And Nervous To Start My Coding Journey!

---

## 🎯 About Me

- 💡 I'm currently studying through CodeSpace, and loving it.
- 🎓 My coach Sasha is so awesome! (Look at me being the teachers pet)
- 🤖 I've always been intrigued by Software Development and know it's the future!
- 🔥 Looking forward to becoming one of the worlds best programmers!

---

## 🛠️ Tech Stack

**Currently learning:**

- ![Git](https://img.shields.io/badge/-Git-F05032?style=flat&logo=git&logoColor=white)

- ![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat-circle&logo=github)

**Future Technologies:**

- ![HTML5](https://img.shields.io/badge/-HTML5-black?style=flat-circle&logo=html5&logoColor=white), ![CSS3](https://img.shields.io/badge/-CSS3-black?style=flat-circle&logo=css3), ![JavaScript](https://img.shields.io/badge/-JavaScript-black?style=flat-circle&logo=javascript)
- ![React](https://img.shields.io/badge/-React-black?style=flat-circle&logo=react)

---

## 🏆 Soft Skills

- 🤝 Teamwork & Collaboration with tasks and problems
- 📢 Communication Skills with peers and coaches
- 🎯 Solving coding and life challenges
- 🚀 Ability to overcome problems

---

## 📌 Projects

Here are some of my milestone projects (to be updated as I progress!):

### **1️⃣ First GitHub Project**

🔹 **Description:** My first project using GitHub to manage files.  
🔹 **Status:** ✅ Completed

### **2️⃣ Personal Portfolio** _(Coming Soon!)_

🔹 **Description:** A simple portfolio to showcase my projects.  
🔹 **Technologies:** HTML, CSS
🔹 **Status:** ⏳ In Progress

---

## 📚 Learning Goals

- 🚀 Get comfortable using Git and GitHub
- 🎨 Learn HTML, CSS, and JavaScript and then I will do the specialise courses for JS and PHP!!!!!!!
- 💡 Build real-world projects and get employed by a Tech company!!!!!!!

---

## 📫 Connect with Me

[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/badge/-GitHub-181717?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white)](https://github.com/Jay-DeeDaniels)  
[![LinkedIn](https://img.shields.io/badge/-LinkedIn-blue?style=flat&logo=linkedin&logoColor=white)](https://linkedin.com/in/jay-dee-daniels17)  
📧 Email: jydiecpt@gmail.com

---

## 🚀 Fun Fact

💡 I love learning new things and can't wait to build my first website!

---

## 🏆 GitHub Stats

![GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api?username=jay-deedaniels&show_icons=true&theme=radical)
